---
layout: post
title: 2/10/93 - Geneva, NY
date: '2009-11-12T14:00:01-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/241700337/2-10-93-geneva-ny
---
2/10/93 verdict: #phish starts to shake off the early-tour cobwebs; no big jams, but playful and inventive in a great-sounding venue. 6.5/101:35 PM Oct 8th from web 
2/10/93: I’m becoming a broken record, but the Fish-song-every-show policy really kills momentum. I like “Cracklin’ Rosie” though.12:30 PM Oct 8th from web 
2/10/93: Verrry long YEM vocal jam, with French tennis player and perennial #phish inside joke Guy Forget featuring prominently.12:16 PM Oct 8th from web 
2/10/93: There’s a short, really pretty Mike-led jam within the ambient stretch of YEM…lots of playfulness in this show.#phish11:59 AM Oct 8th from web 
2/10/93: Segue into Johnny Cash’s “I Walk the Line” - I never even knew they played this. phish.net says played 10 times, Mike sings.11:39 AM Oct 8th from web 
2/10/93: More solid Trey chording to build the Tweezer jam; diverts quickly to a spooky, sparse vamp; gets a little too atonal at the end.11:37 AM Oct 8th from web  
2/10/93: The band bet Fish $800 he wouldn’t be late to the bus on the entire tour. Trey takes bathroom break during IDK vacuum solo.10:51 AM Oct 8th from web  
2/10/93: Four Gamehendge songs in a row - Sloth, Divided Sky, Tela, Lllama. Always good to hear Tela. #phish10:43 AM Oct 8th from web  
2/10/93: great stuff from trey in this Reba jam. More rhythm-style playing at the start than he usually did back in the old days.10:03 AM Oct 8th from web 
2/10/93: Maybe it’s the coffee, but this show is off to a crackin’ start. Loving cup opener, Foam gets broken down almost to ambient levels.9:48 AM Oct 8th from web  

Back to #phish project, Show 7: 2/10/93 Smith Opera House, Geneva, NY. Did they ever play more beautiful venues than the Spring ‘93 tour?9:37 AM Oct 8th from web
