---
layout: post
title: 2/11/93 - Bloomsburg, PA
date: '2009-11-12T14:01:23-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/241701335/2-11-93-bloomsburg-pa
---
2/11/93 verdict: Interesting Bowie and Weekapaug, not much else to write home about. 4.5/105:52 PM Oct 14th from web 
2/11/93: Axis encore (lovingly known as “BOOM Anguh!” by my old tour buddies) is appreciated. Well-behaved crowd for obligatory acapella.5:51 PM Oct 14th from web 
2/11/93: We’re deep into the mandatory Big Ball Jam/Fish Song morass. At least this Love You has some pep to it.3:33 PM Oct 14th from web 
2/11/93: Fantastic Trey leads on this Weekapaug. Some of it almost sounds like his controversial “whale sound” effects from this summer.3:15 PM Oct 14th from web  
2/11/93: In lieu of jamming out this Mike’s, we will instead provide you with a series of HEAVY RIFFS. #phish3:07 PM Oct 14th from web 
2/11/93: Things are looking up - that Bowie was full of weirdness, and the second set oddly opens with The Landlady. #phish2:47 PM Oct 14th from web 
2/11/93: Sounds like really, really early “Frankie Says” teases in the intro to this Bowie. That or “Dear Prudence”2:31 PM Oct 14th from web 
2/11/93: “Bundle of Joy” lyrics remind me how funny it was to see the scene so psyched about their appearance this summer. Oh, #phish fans.2:04 PM Oct 14th from web 
2/11/93: First Fluffhead of the tour trying to jazz up a so-far unremarkable first frame.1:54 PM Oct 14th from web 
2/11/93: Well, that’s about as phoned-in a Stash as you’ll ever hear. Only a couple brief moments where the trap door opens.1:41 PM Oct 14th from web 
2/11/93: FYI, Bloomsburg University is currently the #4 ranked team in Division II football. Also: Suzy opener.1:24 PM Oct 14th from web
#phish project show 8: 2/11/93, Haas Center for the Arts, Bloomsburg, PA. The concert hall of Bloomsburg University, enrollment 7,800.1:22 PM Oct 14th from web
