---
layout: post
title: 2/21/93 - Atlanta, GA
date: '2009-12-23T12:38:46-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/297045207/2-21-93-atlanta-ga
---
2/21/93 verdict: Loose show, lots of mistakes, but also plenty fun. Kind of surprised they can do 3-show run w/ no repeats in ‘93. 7/10about 22 hours ago from web 
2/21/93: Turns into bluegrass medley encore with Rev. Jeff Mosier; I like Phish bluegrass, maybe because it barely resembles real thing.about 22 hours ago from web 
2/21/93: And then there was the time #phish played an impromptu bluegrass version of Good Times Bad Times…very Jon Brionish.about 22 hours ago from web 
2/21/93: And apropos to that tweet, BBFCFM to close the set! (Phish’s punkiest song, to you non-believers)about 22 hours ago from web 
Phish = punk = music is over. RT @DesNoise Given recent tweets only @robmitchum is RT @gprecs but is anyone really punk?about 22 hours ago from web 
2/21/93: Rare “(tuning)” w/ Prison Joke tease. I always chuckle when (tuning) is listed as a separate track on Dead shows.about 22 hours ago from web
2/21/93: Gin very messy and dissonant, ended too soon but with rare full-band segue into HYHU. Cracklin’ Rosie…maybe my favorite Fish #.about 23 hours ago from web 
2/21/93: Stash detours to Manteca, comes back, remains unfinished, bleeds into Lizards. 2/20 doesn’t have all the segue fun, apparently.about 23 hours ago from web 
2/21/93: Stash jam features long segments of Trey doing wall-of-noise instead of flurry-of-notes, rare for these days (and welcome).about 23 hours ago from web 
2/21/93: The hidden delight of SBDs: catching occasional on-stage conversations. Trey: “Curtain? Curtain! 1, 2, a 1-2-3 Hai!”about 23 hours ago from web 
2/21/93: This Antelope is really great, actually - most open of ‘93 so far. Swear I heard a Crosseyed tease from Page at 8:50.10:44 AM Dec 22nd from web 
2/21/93: Trey’s Woody Woodpecker tease 1min into Antelope is only 3 seconds long, but still caught by Page in time. That’s listening, folks.10:40 AM Dec 22nd from web 
2/21/93: Also flubby: Dinner and a Movie. The band seems a bit gassed by the achievement of the previous night; can’t blame ‘em.10:34 AM Dec 22nd from web 
2/21/93: Lots of ragging on Page and his organ during Esther intro - the organ sounds great btw, I want to crawl inside his Leslie speaker.10:17 AM Dec 22nd from web 
2/21/93: Horn > Chalkdust is not a segue you hear very often. Also rare: mid-set Chalkdusts (though I saw one at Toyota this summer).10:09 AM Dec 22nd from web 
2/21/93: Suzy > Buried seems backwards for an opener. PYITE flubbed at first, but still faster and tighter than modern versions.10:00 AM Dec 22nd from web 
2/21/93: Or will it? “Suzy” has strange a capella intro, Tweezer teases. I’m not as familiar with this show, is it underrated after 2/20?9:47 AM Dec 22nd from web  

#phish project show 16: 2/21/93 Atlanta, GA, Roxy Theatre. Third and last night of the run. Don’t worry - shouldn’t produce as many tweets.9:45 AM Dec 22nd from web
