---
layout: post
title: 2/19/93 - Atlanta, GA
date: '2009-12-23T12:34:00-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/297040293/2-19-93-atlanta-ga
---
2/19/93 verdict (slight delay): First set birthday-Bowie is strong hint of next night’s madness, guest does little to spice up 2nd set. 5/105:40 PM Dec 11th from web
2/19/93: Fishman’s Flavor Flav impression sounds suspiciously like his James Brown impression.10:38 AM Dec 11th from web 
2/19/93: On the other hand, Herring makes “Love You” more tolerable with a nice solo. But is that Fish taking a terrible guitar solo after?10:35 AM Dec 11th from web 
2/19/93: ARU’s Jimmy Herring sits in on “Funky Bitch.” I will not abide guest appearances on FB except for Son Seals himself (RIP).5:01 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: Page sings Lawn Boy for his parents, who are in the balcony. What must they think? “Honey, is he singing about grass?”4:54 PM Dec 10th from web  
2/19/93: Whole lotta faux-rasta gibberish in this Ya Mar (which isn’t as good as soundcheck version)4:48 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: Not smart to listen to one of best YEMs ever (12/9/95) before run-of-the-mill YEM here; but it’s still pretty good and stretchy.4:37 PM Dec 10th from web 
@chocolatebobka WHAAAA setlists are the best setlists.4:12 PM Dec 10th from web in reply to chocolatebobka  
2/19/93: Disappointing Jim to open 2nd set (most 93 Jims are blah, it seems). Nice haunted-house creaky guitar sounds in It’s Ice breakdown.4:11 PM Dec 10th from web 
@chocolatebobka May be misremembering my Phish lore, but don’t they do Moby Dick to tease Fish cuz he doesn’t like drum solos?4:01 PM Dec 10th from web in reply to chocolatebobka 
2/19/93: (should clarify that I never mind Zeppelin when Phish does it - GTBT, Ramble On both good in my book)3:58 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: Moby Dick teases come back, weaved into the Bowie peak riff - my infamous Zeppelin hate lives on, but this is still awesome.3:55 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: Fish takes birthday vacuum solo in Bowie intro. Great moment afterwards where you can hear Trey cue him to tease “Moby Dick.”3:43 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: Set settles down (understandably) after Forbin > Mockingbird, but a giant Bowie for Fishman’s birthday looms…3:39 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: …floats across Atlantic into thunderstorm, becomes rain, lands in Gamehendge. Well done narration.3:19 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: Forbin references flood that cut short ‘92 Atlanta show; audience boils, evaporates, turns to steams, floats out of theatre…3:16 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: Great, simple Fee > Maze segue - outro harmonics become intro harmonics.2:55 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: Melt hints a brief moment of its future evil, mostly when a Trey riff clashes against rest of band for about 30 seconds.2:49 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: Into the show proper with a Loving Cup. btw, this is of course the first of a three-show run officially released as At the Roxy.2:27 PM Dec 10th from web 
2/19/93: Also, hilarious that Trey shouts for a “Leo” solo even in soundcheck.2:13 PM Dec 10th from web  
2/19/93: Soundcheck (d/l from bit.ly/b9YGI) features Ya Mar with different lyrics and a “You Can Call Me Al” jam. Bodes well.2:12 PM Dec 10th from web 
@dkricke I archive them here (phishcrit.tumblr.com/), but I suppose I should add an explanation someday. Mostly just done to pass workdays.2:09 PM Dec 10th from web in reply to dkricke 
You know, I’m all caught up on fall tour, so…it’s the return of#phish project! Show 14: 2/19/93 Atlanta, GA, Roxy Theatre.2:04 PM Dec 10th from web
