---
layout: post
title: 2/18/93 - Knoxville, TN
date: '2009-12-10T15:24:45-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/277885185/2-18-93-knoxville-tn
---
I’m good at listening to Phish shows, but not that good! RT @jaimemcc @robmitchum Bummer! Any ideas what the drink was?3:20 PM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93 verdict: I have the benefit of foresight, but it really felt like they took it up a notch here before the abrupt end. 6/10.2:58 PM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: Show is heating up…and someone spills a drink on the soundboard. Seriously. Show over, save acapella mini-set not on tape.2:57 PM Nov 17th from web  
2/18/93: Mike’s is tease-heavy, foreshadowing 2/20 madness to come. Another One Bites the Dust and Page w/ In the Hall of the Mountain King.2:32 PM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: Rare mid-set PYITE, played with a lot more pep than modern versions. Trey flubs lyrics after Landlady, apologizes mid-song.2:19 PM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: Stash jam is a quick, violent garble, complete with Trey impersonating an air-raid siren. Maybe good, maybe not.2:04 PM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: And the third section is very long, featuring a lot of crisp, quiet improv like the first part of a Hood. Great Antelope.1:44 PM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: The middle section of this Antelope is reeled in for a bit, always like that better than the pedal-to-the-floor versions.1:41 PM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: Yeah, still tons of echo on Reba, must be the Electric Ballroom. Which, according to its site, is a Scorpio.http://bit.ly/3lQw8r1:18 PM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: And that stuttering pace is put to good use with a nice segue into Foam…not an easy maneuver.11:19 AM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: Slow-moving opening set kicks off with an early Tweezer. Jam built on some thick piano from Page, kind of a stuttering pace.11:18 AM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: Show proper starts with Chalkdust…huge delay on Trey’s vocals. Actually everything has a lot of echo, maybe it’s the venue.10:37 AM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: Typically loose soundcheck jamming - am I alone in wishing the actual shows had this vibe more often? #fest8soundcheck was great.10:26 AM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: On the other hand, I’ve “seen” Quinn the Eskimo twice - Oswego and Big Cypress soundcheck. Good cover; gotta love a Dylan deep cut.10:22 AM Nov 17th from web 
2/18/93: You know, I’m not sure I’ve ever even heard “Shaggy Dog” before now. Last played 10/29/95, 472 shows ago.10:18 AM Nov 17th from web 
And with huge thanks to @bourgwick, we start 2/18/93 off with the soundcheck! Link to rarities page: http://bit.ly/b9YGI10:13 AM Nov 17th from web  

Tomorrow: on the road to Cobo. Today: #phish project show 13! 2/18/93 Knoxville, TN, Electric Ballroom - great venue name.10:11 AM Nov 17th from web
