---
layout: post
title: 2/15/93 - Chapel Hill, NC
date: '2009-11-12T14:05:07-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/241704158/2-15-93-chapel-hill-nc
---
2/15/93 #phish verdict: Shuffled-up setlist and more mid-song goofiness suggest tour doldrums, as yet untranslated to improv bliss. 3.5/10about 23 hours ago from web 
2/15/93: Make that a Contact > Fire encore…which was the encore at my first show 8/10/96!about 23 hours ago from web 
2/15/93: Encore dedicated to Charlie, the bus driver. Contact, of course. 11 years ago today, I saw a Contact encore in Grand Rapids.about 23 hours ago from web 
2/15/93: Interesting jam out of Fee abruptly cut off by segue into Llama. Fee > Llama to close Set 2? Also an odd choice.about 23 hours ago from web 
2/15/93: Late Syd Barrett audible called by Fish, switching from “Love You” to “Bike.” Not sure it matters, other than the tempo & words.about 24 hours ago from web 
2/15/93: Giddy Weekapaug complete with vocal jam in the middle gets me pumped for potential Weekapaug opener at Cobo next week. #phish12:44 PM Nov 11th from web 
2/15/93: Agh, Mike’s was going places, then the stream cut it short. Cut to Hydrogen with lots of (intentional?) Mike flubs.12:36 PM Nov 11th from web 
2/15/93: Rift, FEFY kind of an odd way to open a second set. But hey, these 2/93 setlists have been pretty predictable, so I’ll take it.12:13 PM Nov 11th from web
2/15/93: Trey at end of Set 1: “Don’t do anything we wouldn’t do during the break…just sit there.”12:05 PM Nov 11th from web 
2/15/93: #phish filling their obligatory early-90s secret language quota in Antelope with Random-Note and All-Fall-Down signals.12:03 PM Nov 11th from web 
2/15/93: Phish-pop (Sparkle, Guelah) followed by Phish-comp (Divided Sky, Esther). Nicely played, but unremarkable first set fare.10:54 AM Nov 11th from web 
2/15/93: Still appreciate a good old-school Suzy, but damn if it doesn’t sound slight after the monster #fest8 version.10:21 AM Nov 11th from web 
2/15/93: Just listened to an entire David Bowie with mad deja vu, before realizing iTunes had flipped back to 2/13/93 by mistake.10:06 AM Nov 11th from web
2/15/93: In a change of pace, Amazing Grace opener instead of encore. I wonder if Eric Montross was in the crowd?9:55 AM Nov 11th from web  

Time to alienate all my new music critic followers with…#phish project show 11! 2/15/93, Chapel Hill, NC, Memorial Hall.9:54 AM Nov 11th from web
