---
layout: post
title: 3/2/93 - New Orleans, LA
date: '2010-02-10T10:54:04-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/381954390/3-2-93-new-orleans-la
---
3/2/93 verdict: Slow to start, band hits stride in Bowie & YEM, then 30-min zydeco guest spot reduces them to Bourbon St. bar band. 4/101 minute ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: As feared, the lengthy guest spot short-circuited the momentum; Hood is as standard as they come, stock Golgi > Tweeprise encore.8 minutes ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: Picking things back up with still more zydeco - at least there’s a king cake in the office this morning to help it go down. #phish33 minutes ago from TweetDeck
3/2/93: Now a zydeco mini-set w/ Bruce “Sunpie” Barnes (http://bit.ly/cjgYGg). As Barnes sings, “it’s all right.” Kinda over-long.about 16 hours ago from TweetDeck
3/2/93: Great YEM jam - Trey in spy-movie funk mode, Page blasting out waves of organ. Then bass & drums section expanded into piano trio.about 17 hours ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: Still doing the “Water your team in a beehive I’m a sent you” thing in YEM. That band in-joke was apparently pretty durable.about 17 hours ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: Sharp-edged Tweezer jam with descending chord progression. Not quite Big Easy party time. Well-executed slowdown ending though.about 17 hours ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: Well, hello there Bowie. The band shakes off the cobwebs of two nights off and produces a 12-minute rager to close out Set I.about 18 hours ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: No “Horse” before “Silent” on this tape, but sounds like it was skipped over. Guess the taper had no time for acoustic solos.about 18 hours ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: Trey: “I’m having a little bit of trouble with my voice here,” then tells crowd to sing along…to All Things Reconsidered.about 19 hours ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: No Trey megaphone on “Fee” for the first time in ‘93 (I think). Not sure why - he’s not playing guitar on the verses either.about 19 hours ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: AUD grime good for evil Stash, bad for chatty, distracted crowd during Reba. Prompts more robust than usual Reba jam, good but loud.about 19 hours ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: The phishows source for this one is an AUD, rare for the era. Lends a nice NOLA-appropriate layer of grime to the proceedings.about 19 hours ago from TweetDeck 
3/2/93: Sign o’ the times - someone gives a bland introduction before the first song, “give it up for Elektra recording artists, Phish!”about 20 hours ago from TweetDeck 
Now that 2/93 is in the books, time for #phish project show 21: 3/2/93, New Orleans, LA, Tipitina’s. Good timing for a NOLA show!about 20 hours ago from TweetDeck
