---
layout: post
title: 'February 1993: Your Inner Phish'
date: '2010-02-08T21:55:18-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/379186137/february-1993-your-inner-phish
---
I.
In 2004, a team led by paleontologist Neil Shubin made an important fossil discovery: Tiktaalik. A 375-million-old fish of the Devonian period, Tiktaalik was notable for many features that foreshadowed the land-dwelling animals of the future, possessing heretofore unseen body parts such as a neck, a flat head, and most astonishingly, a network of foot-like bones inside of its fins. In Shubin’s 2008 book, Your Inner Fish, he used that famous discovery as a launchpad to talk about how all the complexities of the human body can be found in the bone structure and DNA of other organisms, be they extinct and fossilized or swimming around our oceans today.
II.
Like a lot of Phish fans, I like to imagine that the band shares at least a portion of their fans’ obsession with the past. Somewhere in Burlington, VT, there’s an archive of recordings from virtually all of Phish’s 1500-some known performances, overseen by the luckiest man alive, archivist Kevin Shapiro. It pleases me to imagine members of Phish visiting that archive like they’re spending a day at the library, wandering the shelves before pulling out the DAT of some show from 1994 and spending a few hours in quiet reflection on what worked and what didn’t on that particular date. For a band that famously rehearsed improvisational exercises during marathon practice sessions and (according to Parke Puterbaugh’s new Phish: The Biography) once held post-gig “debriefing” sessions every night of tour, it doesn’t seem too unlikely a scenario.
Certainly some re-examination of the past factored into their setlist decisions at the comeback concerts in Hampton, VA this past March. Faced with possibly the most important song selection of their entire careers - the first song back - Phish didn’t choose their most iconic song (YEM, probably) or their most lyrically poignant (the brand-new “Backwards Down the Number Line”). They picked “Fluffhead,” a technically unforgiving, 15-minute song suite incorporating rhythmic complexity and compositional dexterity that had been conspicuously MIA during the slop years of 2003-04. The statement they were making was pretty obvious: we’re here, we’re sober/healthy, we’ve practiced, we can do this. The crowd response was one of the purest moments of crowd frenzy I’ve ever heard on a Phish tape, a prolonged soul-roar that taken out of context would sound like mass torture.
The band went on to perform “Fluffhead” 11 times in the 50 shows of 2009, elevating what had become a rarity to regular rotation*. And as that calendar year went on, initial enthusiasm began to give way to cynicism in a certain percentage of fans. Shows were too heavy on composed songs such as “Fluffhead” and the year’s setlist villain, “Time Turns Elastic.” Jams weren’t getting out of the box enough to make the leap from Type I to Type II territory**. Jams weren’t long enough. Setlists were predictable, from AC/DC Bag openers to the big Rock N’ Roll/Drowned second set jam to Possum closers.
III.
Late last year, I launched this project - whenever there were no new ‘09 shows to take up work-listening time, I streamed an old show from phishows.com or downloaded from the spreadsheet. I decided to proceed sequentially, for reasons described elsewhere, and I started at the beginning of 1993. Like Neil Shubin consulting satellite maps and geology textbooks to find just the right 375 million year old exposed rock to search for Devonian fossils, I wasn’t making a random decision.
1993 seemed like a pivotal year in many ways. For one, the band’s rapid run up the venue size ladder made a big jump to a tour schedule dominated by theaters (and some arenas) instead of clubs. For the first time, they had the touring infrastructure to bring a real piano on the road, so Page no longer had to rely on his Rhodes. Rift, arguably their most satisfying album, came out on 2/2/93. But most importantly, and more subjectively, it always seemed to me like 1993 was where a threshold was crossed in improvisational terms. Sure, there are transcendent moments to be found in the hundreds of shows from the band’s first decade of existence, but something different started to happen in 1993, leaving a band that could play 60-minute excursions in 1994 that would seem impossible to the tightly-focused 25-songs-a-show 1992 iteration. What happened in ‘93 to push the band up a notch? I wanted to find out.
So like Shubin in the Canadian Arctic, I started digging. And like most paleontological digs, the first results were somewhat underwhelming. When a band has 1500 shows, almost all of them recorded and widely available, it’s easy to cherry-pick, only listening to the peaks without revisiting the…well, Phish doesn’t really have valleys, but the more workmanlike, even-par shows in between the landmark nights. Those dynamics are even more pronounced in the band’s early career, when they hadn’t yet built the confidence to challenge themselves and their audience night in and night out.
Truly, the band I was hearing in February 1993 was a less confident band. Tight as hell, no doubt - bouncing back and forth between ‘93 and ‘09 shows was all the contrast I needed to hear how rehearsed they were back then. But Phish in early ‘93 was tight in other ways as well. Setlists were very predictable, with jams arising in designated spots (late 1st set, early 2nd) and designated songs, a regular rotation of openers/closers, and the mandatory Big Ball Jam/Fishman song filling the back half of the 2nd set. Interactions with the audience were also very deliberate - the “secret language” turned up multiple times in each show with occasional Trey explanations, the Big Ball Jam (maybe the ultimate experiment in fan/band interface) was mandatory, and Fish’s comedy routine, while tedious on tape, was clearly designed for fan service. This was a band still trying to win over listeners, visiting entire areas of the country for the first time (the 5-show run through Florida is their first visit to the Sunshine State) and trying to give virgin fans a quick recital-style primer on the Phish experience.
That includes the jams, which are almost uniformly of the tightly-focused variety that would be labeled Type I today. At the time, such a designation would have been preposterous - Type I was all there was! The improvisational segments are far more linear than what we’ve come to expect, with most of the slow intensity-building variety. It’s actually interesting to hear some of their favorite tricks start to emerge, like the tension/release patterns of dissonant passages alternating with soaring solos that appear fleetingly in “Stash” and “Split Open and Melt” performances of this era. But don’t expect “what song is this again?” moments, it’s straightforward all the way, the band concentrating on mastering the song rather than shattering its boundaries.
Sound familiar? I don’t think it’s too much of a stretch to theorize that Phish went back to their early days for inspiration this year as they tried to recapture the magic. Maybe it wasn’t February 1993 specifically, but certainly their strategy for 2009 drew upon the band’s approach in earlier times. I haven’t heard much (by choice) of the 2003-2004 “Phish 2.0” era, but by all reports those shows were jam-heavy to the detriment of the composed sections of their trademark songs. But the 2009 tours, with their focus on nailing the intricacies of Fluffhead and YEM rather than shooting off into 30-minute free-improv explorations, appeared to reveal a band that had dug back into its evolutionary past for inspiration on how to move forward.
IV.
What many TTE-hating fans seem to forget is the relationship between the composed parts and the improvisational segments, something I’ve often wondered about. Why play a very difficult 12 minutes of You Enjoy Myself before getting to the fun part? Why wasn’t the Big Cypress set just 8 solid hours of improv, as some had hoped? Puterbaugh’s book served up a couple of quotes from the band that directly address this point:
"You’re so linked up in the worked-out stuff, you’re such a unit, that it gets you lined up as you’re leading up to the jam," Trey said.
"To get so tight in a preplanned way makes the looseness juxtapose even more," Mike said. "I look at it that the written-out stuff is a sort of ritual, almost like a prayer session that gets my mind in gear for what’s to come."
V.
There’s one rather famous exception to the above characterization of February 1993 as predominantly in-the-box, tight, introductory playing. That’s 2/20/93, the second show of a three-night run at Atlanta’s Roxy Theatre - a well-loved tape long before the band’s official release of the run in 2008. I spent some time trying to squeeze my thoughts on this show’s significance into 140 character chunks, but I’m still developing my ability to make thoughts deeper than “ugh, not another Fishman song” work in Twitter form. But listening to 2/20 in the context of the month really made the show jump out at me more than it ever had - surrounded by relatively predictable setlists, the loose, goof-off, tease- and segue-filled second set is all the more unique.
Whether it was the comfort of playing an extended run in one city, the boredom of a long tour starting to set in, or just the right mixture of set break refreshment, a new level was attained at that show. A lot of it is more silly than musically transformative, but there’s something special about the outpouring of creativity that marks the stretch of “Mike’s Song” where Trey playfully realizes he can overlay the characteristic riffs from other tunes on the tramps jam segment***. It’s a brief glimpse of Phish at their best - refusing to submit to the routine way of doing things, heavy on the in-jokes, and thrillingly spontaneous.
Amid all the teasing and craziness, what I didn’t remember from burning down my old tape of 2/20/93 in the 90’s was the true highlight of the set: Harry Hood. One of those songs that has long allowed the listener to quickly take the temperature of the band, Hood is sometimes formulaic, sometimes awe-inspiringly creative. This one falls into the latter category, and coming on the heels of the mischievous, ADD, elongated Mike’s Groove, it’s also breathtakingly emotional. The band jumps off the composed section with purpose (something that is often lacking in underwhelming shows) and quickly moves into the telekinetic communication that they’re famous for, as the jam flutters into silence several times, a move only possible for four people playing as one. It’s a trick that I’m fairly positive wasn’t pre-planned - they don’t repeat it in any of the other Hoods played in that month, and it’s not something I can recall too many examples of in the entire career. It’s the sound of the band challenging itself, at an even higher level than the entertaining “does this guitar part go over this song?” antics of earlier in the set. And more than anything else, challenging themselves is what puts Phish in their own league, the key element that has defined their long history. If the band’s best jams sound like they’ve run off a cliff and continued moving through open air without falling, this “Hood” is the sound of them taking a step off the song’s cliff, discovering that they aren’t falling, and taking note of that phenomenon before scrambling back to safety****.
VI.
Flirting with that cliff’s edge seemed to be what most fans found the most frustrating from the 50 shows of 2009. I felt it too - so many jams felt like they were knocking on the door of something transcendent, only for an abrupt return to familiar ground to slap the proceedings back to normalcy. But doubling up my ‘09 listens with my ‘93 listens, a pattern began to emerge.
There’s no doubt that the band is a wholly different species today than they were 17 years ago. The sheer number of songs, for one - as phish.net calculated, 2009 saw the most unique songs ever played (242) in a single year of Phish. The overall sound has also changed, fueled by better gear, bigger venues, and a little bit of tempo lost to old(er) age. But beneath all that surface complexity you see some of the same patterns that were in place in 1993, just as embryologists see similarities between fish and humans in the early stages of life. 2009 found the band with the same urgency to prove themselves through demonstrations of orchestrated prowess - the difference being that in ‘93, they were proving themselves to an audience of first-timers, while in ‘09, they were displaying their renewed strength to those jaded by the dark years of drug abuse and sloppiness.
Underlying patterns also were present in the improvisational segments of ‘09, which followed more complex formulas than the tightly-structured jams of ‘93, but followed formulas nonetheless. Beyond the slow-builds of songs such as “Slave” or the tension/release tricks of a “Chalkdust” or “Character Zero,” even the big jams in “Drowned” or “Tweezer” or “Disease” followed a familiar path most of the time: full-bore full-band peaking into a single segment of impromptu melody or groove dissolving into ambient space. There were exceptions, of course, but there was an overarching inconsistency that sounded like the band challenging themselves only tentatively, progressing incrementally, regaining their footing*****. 2009, like 1993, was a band without full, maxed-out confidence…a disorienting thing for fans who came on board during the creative overflow of the mid-90s to experience.
Ever the teasers, they made us wait until the second-to-last show of the year before they had their “2/20/93” moment. Internet consensus seems to be that the New Year’s Eve Run in Miami was when the band found themselves again, but there doesn’t seem to be much agreement on why or when. My theory^ is that it happened in 12/30/09, second set. Following a thrilling first set of welcome bustouts reflecting pretty much the entire run of their career (“Tela,” “What’s the Use?,” the excellent new “Gone”), the second frame busted through the ceiling that had been hanging over the band the whole year. It happened, as it absolutely had to, when we all least expected it - “Back on the Train,” always an enjoyable tune, never a huge one. If you want it even more finely pinpointed, it begins at 5:30 into “Back on the Train,” where for about 10 seconds the band finds itself off the cliff without even realizing it, like a little kid suddenly realizing he’s keeping his two-wheel bike upright for the first time. Then there’s a recoil, back on to the cliff (and the train, for that matter). But rather than a full retreat, the band winds up, gets a running start, and there it is - full flight.
The jam unspools into the kind of ambient space where many an ‘09 jam fizzled out, but the switch has been flipped, and rather than a dead end, this segment is a delicate intermediate passage of a longer narrative, coasting without losing momentum. The re-build is pure, organic, with none of the stutter-steps that marked the year’s other big milestone of the Albany Seven Below > Ghost. It’s sublime, and it said they were back better in an even deeper and more meaningful way than that Hampton Fluffhead.
To top it off, the band echoed the other side of 2/20/93 with what’s become known as the “Boogielope,” a “Run Like an Antelope” with melodic lines from “Boogie On Reggae Woman” woven in with all the skill of an expert mash-up. Sure, there were teases and playful moments throughout 2009, but none paid off quite like this one - a band challenging itself in good humor on the spot^^ and passing the test like it was rehearsed. And if you need any more proof that the 2/20/93 spirit was in the house, the second set even featured a Fishman song!^^^
Together, those moments were the payoff to a long journey back, but a journey that patiently employed the lessons of the past to rebuild. In a way, we’re all fortunate to have been able to track this re-evolution in real time, with LivePhish SBDs and morning-after in-depth discussion provided by the internet community. 2009 was a year of reconstruction, a metamorphosis that couldn’t be rushed or forced, and the best news of all is that 12/30/09 may have proved that it was a success. Performing a feat of self-archeology, Phish dug deep within themselves, and found a younger, simpler Phish, but one that still had numerous and valuable lessons for today.
FOOTNOTES
* - played in 22% of shows, the highest percentage since 1989
** - loosely, a Type I jam is one that stays within the established chord progression for the song’s jam segment, while Type II jams break free into completely improvised territory.
*** - worth noting that another 1993 landmark, the “Murat Gin” of 8/14/93, pulls a similar trick.
**** - The “scramble back” being the return to recital mode for the band’s Florida swing right after the Roxy run.
***** - I want to emphasize here that I adored the four shows I saw in ‘09, and almost every single one of the shows I experienced on “tape.” Joy may not have been the greatest album, but it was the perfect word to describe my rediscovered feeling for the band this year.
^ - With apologies to the almost-there second set of 12/29, with it’s majestic Tweezer > Caspian and inventive Jiboo > Wilson > Jiboo > Heavy Things run.
^^ - Triggered by Page! Which also bodes well…
^^^ - They’re much less annoying when they only happen twice a year.
