---
layout: post
title: 3/5/93 - Dallas, TX
date: '2010-02-23T11:17:35-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/407174282/3-5-93-dallas-tx
---
3/5/93 verdict: Band’s silly mood doesn’t translate into much that’s memorable, save for the StashSloth and another hot ‘Paug. 4/1010:39 AM Feb 19th via TweetDeck 
3/5/93: Another show, another second set deflated by Big Ball Jam/Fishman song shenanigans. #brokenrecord10:21 AM Feb 19th via TweetDeck 
3/5/93: Hat tip to Deep Ellum history with Jesus Just Left Chicago. First since 11/91. Weird to hear this one way back in ‘93.9:58 AM Feb 19th via TweetDeck 
3/5/93: Seriously cool how this Weekapaug maintains an implied up-tempo even as the volume drops for several minutes. A controlled sprint.9:53 AM Feb 19th via TweetDeck 
3/5/93: Second show in a row where Mike’s Groove is back-heavy - meh Mike’s followed by a ‘Paug full of ideas, contours and dynamics.9:50 AM Feb 19th via TweetDeck 
3/5/93: Gonzo Chalkdust with double-time Oye Como Va tease; faded wook audibly impressed by mid-Guelah pause on tape.9:31 AM Feb 19th via TweetDeck 
3/5/93: Keeping up the weirdness (did I mention the multiple Eric Dickerson shoutouts in Set I?), Set II opens with The Landlady.9:16 AM Feb 19th via TweetDeck 
After a 2-1/2 day #phish project setbreak, please join me in completion of 3/5/93, in honor of tonight’s #trey show.9:15 AM Feb 19th via TweetDeck 
3/5/93: Fishman’s trombone solo in I Didn’t Know is a love dedication to “Michael from the Greenpeace table.” They’re in a weird mood.5:03 PM Feb 16th via TweetDeck
3/5/93: Stash contains Sloth teases in the mixture of 5-letter Phish songs that start with S and end with H that fans have forever craved.4:30 PM Feb 16th via TweetDeck 
3/5/93: In Rift, after “as if she were the last one she thought I’d betray,” Trey says “that’s me!” off-mic. How odd.4:17 PM Feb 16th via TweetDeck 

3/5/93: So of course Phish opens with a whole bunch of un-blues - Buried Alive > Poor Heart, Cavern, Foam.4:00 PM Feb 16th via TweetDeck 

3/5/93: Deep Ellum Live is indeed a (defunct) venue, and Deep Ellum was once “a prime jazz and blues hotspot in the South,” sez wikipedia.3:58 PM Feb 16th via TweetDeck 

Champions League over (great match!) so let’s do a set of#phish project show 23. 3/5/93, Dallas, TX, Deep Ellum Live. Is that a venue?3:53 PM Feb 16th via TweetDeck
