---
layout: post
title: 3/13/93 - Boulder, CO
date: '2010-03-17T10:53:00-05:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/454528619/3-13-93-boulder-co
---
3/13/93 verdict: Two sets that finish strong, highlights both expected (Melt, Paug) and un- (Wilson, BBFCFM). Home away from home comfort.10:14 AM Mar 11th via TweetDeck 
3/13/93: No time for usual jam vehicle to close Set II. Lengthy encore though, with crazy BBFCFM: piano jazz, swearing, grammar argument!10:11 AM Mar 11th via TweetDeck 
3/13/93: (we’re back) Weekapaug has super-hokey “My Girl” jam, then breaks down to Page solo before rebuilding. Love these creative Paugs.9:40 AM Mar 11th via TweetDeck
3/13/93: Dang, if the band has to be in low-improv mode, Lizards, It’s Ice, Glide, Uncle Pen is a pretty good run.5:38 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck 
3/13/93: Another Tweezer in the Set 2, Song 2 slot - setlist structure still stiff. Mostly riffy Trey wank, not particularly compelling.5:15 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck 
@DeadAsDigital Ah, good. One of my goals is to wear down people’s Phish aversion with sheer, earnest persistence.5:07 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck in reply to DeadAsDigital 
@DeadAsDigital Dude, that’s commitment. Slightly easier to read along at phishcrit.tumblr.com. Hope you’re laughing with not at!4:59 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck in reply to DeadAsDigital 
3/13/93: Prickly Antelope with hints of Melt jam. Lots of discordant tension, very little release. Prophetic.4:58 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck 
3/13/93: This Wilson is actually quite awesome and unique. Hey #phish community, let’s try to end the Wilson chanting in 2010, eh?4:44 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck 
3/13/93: Chantless Wilson intro has a subdued, dramatic mini-jam, kinda sounds like the score to Top Gun.4:37 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck 
3/13/93: Melt almost gets it - all 4 flying off in different directions between every three-note checkpoint. Very close to “Demand” version.4:27 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck 
3/13/93: Fee end jams are always good, always end too soon. But this one segues into All Things Reconsidered, so I’ll allow it.4:14 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck 
3/13/93: The things you notice listening to shows in order: Trey has had a cough since 3/2/93. Dude should really get that checked out.4:02 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck 
3/13/93: Recording is a SBD, but crowd still sounds larger than anything else I’ve heard from ‘93. Colorado <3s their Phish.3:53 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck 
Gonna start up #phish project show 27: 3/13/93, Boulder, CO, Balch Fieldhouse - on the campus of Univ. of Colorado.http://bit.ly/crrpj23:49 PM Mar 10th via TweetDeck
