---
layout: post
title: 2/26/93 - Tampa, FL
date: '2010-01-27T18:25:48-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/356817370/2-26-93-tampa-fl
---
2/26/93 verdict: Best show of this Florida swing, less of an intro recital. Ragers in Melt and Tweezer give FL a real taste. 4.5/103:08 PM Jan 14th from web 
2/26/93: I want to make a 60-minute found-sound collage of faded wooks refusing to shut up during the acapella numbers on this tour.3:03 PM Jan 14th from web 
2/26/93: Page getting especially jazzy with the vocals on this version of “Bold As Love.”2:56 PM Jan 14th from web
2/26/93: YEM has a brief Oye Como Va jam, unlisted on @phishnet! My first time beating them to a show note. My mom would be so proud.12:54 PM Jan 14th from web 
2/26/93: You can faintly hear Trey counting out the rhythm on Mound; always wondered how they manage that one.12:31 PM Jan 14th from web 
2/26/93: Tweezer jam starts as riff-rock, spirals into shrill insanity, breaks down to quiet creep, rebuilds and explodes. Harsh, but wild.11:51 AM Jan 14th from web 
2/26/93: Huh, Trey teases Julius (not debuted until 4/4/94) before Set II-opening Loving Cup.11:32 AM Jan 14th from web 
2/26/93 Setbreak: Read my interview with Parke Puterbaugh, author of #phish: The Biography, from Indy Week:http://bit.ly/5HG0s311:12 AM Jan 14th from bit.ly 
2/26/93: I Didn’t Know w/ washboard solo from Fishman. Pics of said washboard are hard to come by, but I believe it featured, um, breasts.11:10 AM Jan 14th from web 
2/26/93: The crowd at this show sounds pretty small (couple hundred maybe?) but man do they lose it during the Divided Sky pause.10:55 AM Jan 14th from web 
2/26/93: Actually this Melt is really awesome, percussive playing from Trey through the first couple min, followed by atonal runs. Best yet.10:24 AM Jan 14th from web  
2/26/93: Off to a darker start than the last few Florida sunshine shows. Gnarled Jim, stretched-out Foam, rushed SOAMelt.10:19 AM Jan 14th from web  

Gonna fight that virus with #phish project show 19: 2/26/93, Tampa, FL, Ritz Theatre. 4th of 5 Florida shows in 2/93.9:57 AM Jan 14th from web
