---
layout: post
title: 3/17/93 - Hollywood, CA
date: '2010-04-01T11:39:07-05:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/489211456/3-17-93-hollywood-ca
---
3/17/93 verdict: Fish sums it up - “That was entitled ‘The OK Gig in the Sky’” - but OK is too generous. A blah start to CA mini-tour.5:18 PM Mar 30th via TweetDeck 
3/17/93: Even March ‘93 MVP Weekapaug sounds a bit flat, though breaking it down to a Lively Up Yourself jam is a pleasant surprise.4:49 PM Mar 30th via TweetDeck 
3/17/93: Two weeks after being dusted off, Jesus Just Left Chicago is back again. Straight blues solos to shake them out of their slump.4:19 PM Mar 30th via TweetDeck 
3/17/93: Reba gets to sit in the early-2nd set improv sweet spot, but band still sounds out of sync. Keep tripping over Fish’s drum rolls.4:11 PM Mar 30th via TweetDeck 
3/17/93: About as cookie-cutter an Antelope as you’ll ever hear brings an utterly forgettable first set to a welcome close. No CA love.3:42 PM Mar 30th via TweetDeck 
3/17/93: First Oh Kee Pa > Suzy of this tour, believe it or not. The combo that encapsulates old-school Phish for me, already growing rare.3:25 PM Mar 30th via TweetDeck 
3/17/93: Lotsa fumbles in Stash composed section; Mike seizes reins for jam but technical problems keep it on the beaten, wailing path.3:05 PM Mar 30th via TweetDeck 
3/17/93: Landlady opener - still weird to me, though it was typical for the time. > into Jim, which almost gets out of the box, but alas.2:47 PM Mar 30th via TweetDeck 
Can’t get a working Champions League stream, so instead:#phish project show 30! 3/17/93, Hollywood, CA, The Palace. First of 10 Cali shows.2:29 PM Mar 30th via TweetDeck
