---
layout: post
title: 3/12/93 - Vail, CO
date: '2010-03-10T17:57:29-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/439795263/3-12-93-vail-co
---
3/12/93 verdict: Band clearly rejuvenated by 2-day layover, but you can only hear it in short teases and vocal play. Improv meanders.4:29 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 
3/12/93: Good news: Triple Encore! Bad news: two a capella songs (Adeline, Carolina) and Rocky Top. Ah well.4:28 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 
3/12/93: The Hood that came after the usual late-2nd set shenanigans had little to say, unfortunately. Strangely directionless.4:12 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 
3/12/93: Techno-simulating YEM vocal jam has Mike intoning “Malachiiii” - someone must be watching Children of the Corn on the tour bus.3:28 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 
3/12/93: EXCLUSIVE: My Friend My Friend has a vocal jam that contains Careful With That Axe, Eugene teases!#phishnetgotserved3:06 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 
3/12/93: Sounds like half an After Midnight tease in this AC/DC Bag. Ahhh, gonna bask in some Big Cypress memories for a moment here, Ahhh.2:58 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 
3/12/93: Bowie has a jam on the Popeye theme (METAL!), then tries out a good half-dozen ideas, but none of them stick. Good sign, though.2:52 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 
3/12/93: Trey switches to acoustic for end of Fluffhead jam, allows segue into The Horse. That’s a new trick.2:30 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 
3/12/93: First chance to stretch out is mostly slop - “Stash” that starts out gnarly but then runs in place before it’s abruptly snuffed.2:17 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 
3/12/93: No jam vehicles yet, so band’s giddy energy takes shape in goofy vocals - Mike’s baritone Possum, Page La-ing along to Guelah.2:03 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 
3/12/93: The odd in-state two-day break means goofy, rested band - slightly extended Buried Alive, blood-curdling scream to start “Cavern.”1:45 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck 

Let’s finish out the week with #phish project show 26: 3/12/93, Vail, CO, Dobson Arena. The calendar is catching up with us!1:36 PM Mar 5th via TweetDeck
