---
layout: post
title: 3/3/93 - New Orleans, LA
date: '2010-02-16T15:44:22-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/393282560/3-3-93-new-orleans-la
---
3/3/93 verdict: Intense second set starts to poke at new realms, capped by ‘Paug. But limp 1st set and late-2nd set fizzle make it 5/10.10:02 AM Feb 12th from TweetDeck 
3/3/93: Several teasing reprises of HYHU before Fish sings Terrapin - I like how he really seems genuinely irritated by it back then.8:53 AM Feb 12th from TweetDeck 
3/3/93: Fast Enough For You is the first breather of the set, 10 songs in. No Big Ball Jam in these shows - maybe Tipitina’s is too small?5:40 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck 
3/3/93: Crowd shushed by a 10-min Weekapaug thrilla. Searing lines breaks down to speed-freak-funk. Way exploratory for ‘93, best ‘paug yet.5:32 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck 
3/3/93: Mound, and now a Mike’s Groove. This set is all killer no filler. Chatty crowd during Hydrogen explains why show has been so LOUD.5:12 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck 
3/3/93: Curtain > Melt. Not the smoothest transition, but no complaints. Melt played at almost too-fast tempo, forcing awkward, caustic jam.4:56 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck 
3/3/93: Another canned introduction before the second set; Trey counts off Axilla as soon as it ends. Hot start!4:38 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck 
3/3/93: Second special guest in 2 nights: Carl “Gears” Gerhard on trumpet! But really - Lawn Boy? Cavern is cool, but that’s a Gears staple.4:30 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck 
3/3/93: Weird spot for a Runaway Jim, mid-first frame. The placement doesn’t shake it out of its pedal-to-the-floor rut.4:23 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck 
3/3/93: Even in its ragged early form, Sample sounds pretty jarringly (hyuck) different from the rest of their catalog at this point.4:13 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck 
3/3/93: Chops on display in Rift/Foam opener and blistering Maze. If the band is in the throes of Hungover Gras, they ain’t showing it.4:00 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck 
Oh yeah, Catholicism! RT @Marcusist: @robmitchum Ash Wednesday or Hungover Gras. Can’t believe Phish played a venue that small.3:37 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck 
Time for more “gneub fodder” with #phish project show 22! 3/3/93, New Orleans, LA, Tipitina’s. What do you call the day after Mardi Gras?3:30 PM Feb 11th from TweetDeck
