---
layout: post
title: 3/16/93 - Phoenix, AZ
date: '2010-03-30T17:27:36-05:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/485007939/3-16-93-phoenix-az
---
3/16/93 verdict: A stop between CO and CA, this is a sleeper show in modern parlance. Solid moments in YEM and Tweezer + bustouts, hurrah.5:39 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck 
3/16/93: Also, no vocal jam in YEM, goes straight into HYHU. I think that means “finish the bottle” in the #phish drinking game.5:12 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck 
3/16/93: Ahh, analog memories. Great, itchy-as-hell YEM jam interrupted by a tape flip; at least it waited for a quiet, defunked moment.5:12 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck 
3/16/93: Weird that Bathtub Gin was a rarity in ‘93 - only the 2nd one of the tour, out of only 7 the entire year. Noisy, rusty jam.4:30 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck 
3/16/93: After a classic Curtain > Tweezer drop, a gnarly Sweet Emotion jam longer and more than a year prior to the Bomb Factory show.4:21 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck 
3/16/93: Set 2 opens with My Friend - best place for it, I think. Although, it opened my first ever #phish show, so that’s probably why.4:04 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck 
3/16/93: And hey! First McGrupp of the tour, first one in 49 shows, citing phish.net. No dust on it here, gorgeous Page solo as always.3:54 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck 
3/16/93: Set paused for Trey’s grandmother’s husband to sing bawdy ragtime song “You’ve Gotta See Mama Every Night” - http://bit.ly/9EFMAP3:45 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck 
3/16/93: Trey does the opposite of the megaphone on Fee, singing it off-mic while the rest of the band plays very quiet. I do not know why.3:12 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck 
3/16/93: The boys throw a curveball with acapella opener, crowd still dopey (gigglers, whoopers, inevitable dude-yelling-Freebird).2:58 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck 
Smarch Madness > #phish project show 29! 3/16/93, Phoenix, AZ, Celebrity Theatre. That is a very Arizona venue name for some reason.2:57 PM Mar 25th via TweetDeck
