---
layout: post
title: 3/14/93 - Gunnison, CO
date: '2010-03-30T17:26:41-05:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/485006170/3-14-93-gunnison-co
---
3/14/93 verdict: Really fun show, potentially overshadowed by 2/20 and 3/22. 2nd set is testament to their wide cover catalog.4:52 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck 
3/14/93: It’s kind of a brutal listen, but Fish’s cover of “The Great Gig in the Sky” (debuted here) is actually a good use of the vacuum.4:36 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck 
3/14/93: YEM super-medley, with Low Rider, Spooky, and now Oye Como Va. Is OCV the most-teased song in #phishhistory?4:08 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck
3/14/93: One of my favorite YEMs, haven’t listened in years. Love when the band stumbles into Owner of a Lonely Heart jam.4:01 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck 
3/14/93: Wow, didn’t realize until checking phish.net that it was the first Halley’s in 474 shows. Now first Curtis Loew in 302. Bustouts!3:46 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck 
3/14/93: In an era of very predictable setlists, a Halley’s > Bowie set opener is bonkers. We’re all spoiled these days.3:34 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck 
3/14/93: 8-year-old Cameron McKinney takes a piano solo before the whistling section of Reba, and sings the closing chorus. Um, weird.3:02 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck 
3/14/93: Reba jam stutters to a start and never really gains solid footing - lots of peaks, but not much in the way of buildup to sell them.2:59 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck 
3/14/93: Longest Stash yet on this journey, and it’s a doozy. Veers way off the chord progression, into droney, Middle-Eastern space.2:39 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck 
3/14/93: I don’t know if it’s the weather, the basketball, or happy memories, but Loving Cup/Foam have an extra spring in their step.2:17 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck 
SXSWhatever…it’s #phish project show 28! 3/14/93, Gunnison, CO, Paul Wright Gym at Western State College. One of my first tapes!2:07 PM Mar 18th via TweetDeck
