---
layout: post
title: 2/4/93 - Providence, RI
date: '2009-11-12T13:51:08-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/241694051/2-4-93-providence-ri
---
2/4/93 verdict: another tentative early-tour show with Stash & Weekapaug peaks; sorry to be so vanilla, but i think this is another 5/10.2:38 PM Sep 9th from web 
2/4/93: No way to kill a set’s momentum like Big Ball Jam and a Fishman song (“Lengthwise” in this case)2:10 PM Sep 9th from web 
2/4/93: Weekapaug also has a brief Ween “Push Th’ Little Daisies” vocal jam. Good stuff.1:47 PM Sep 9th from web 
2/4/93: damn, this Weekapaug has some lightning-fast jamming that they just don’t do any more. Not Trey-wank, more like hyper-jazz.1:42 PM Sep 9th from web 
back to 2/4/93: Mike’s > TMWSIY > Avenu > TMWSIY > Weekapaug is a great idea, even if there’s not a real segue out of the Mike’s.1:28 PM Sep 9th from web 
2/4/93: in contrast to Stash, early Antelopes » recent ones. this one has Simpsons secret language and awesome Page breaks. #phish4:14 PM Sep 8th from web
2/4/93: First ever “Sample” and it’s straight-up flubby. Kinda funny to nail “Foam” and flub “Sample” in the same set.4:01 PM Sep 8th from web
2/4/93: Started to think this summer that “Stash” was one of the more consistent jams, this 12-min one shows it was already freaky in 2/93.3:45 PM Sep 8th from web 
and we’re back to 2/4/93: “All Things Reconsidered” is an instrumental that needs to make a comeback. #phish3:34 PM Sep 8th from web  
oops, technical difficulties with the stream. guess i’ll just have to listen to michael mcdonald & grizzly bear a couple dozen more times.11:19 AM Sep 8th from web  

#phish project day 2 - 2/4/93 Providence Performing Arts Center, Providence, RI. why hello, original Axilla lyrics, nice to hear you.
