---
layout: post
title: 2/7/93 - Washington, DC
date: '2009-11-12T13:57:47-06:00'
tags: []
tumblr_url: http://rob-mitchum.tumblr.com/post/241698758/2-7-93-washington-dc
---
2/7/93: And a BBFCFM to launch me into the weekend. Show verdict: One of those fun setlist/lite-improv shows. 5.5/10 More #phish next week.5:32 PM Sep 25th from web 
2/7/93: An oddity - Fish song with no HYHU. “If I Only Had a Brain” comes out of Coil, goes into Tweeprise.5:13 PM Sep 25th from web 
2/7/93: Reba/Tweezer doubleheader looks better on paper…Tweezer is just a straight build, nothing to see here.4:30 PM Sep 25th from web 
2/7/93: After a lot of weird, short songs, “Reba” finally kicks out a jam, with a quiet, dark detour spoiled by a rushed ending. #phish4:17 PM Sep 25th from web 
2/7/93: Hooray dated references! Trey jokes that Chelsea Clinton is in the crowd at the start of the second set. (then flubs Llama)3:53 PM Sep 25th from web  
2/7/93: It’s fun to listen to Melts before they “figured it out” in that 4/21/93 version on Hoist…this one is herky-jerk but savage.3:36 PM Sep 25th from web 
finally resuming #phish project with 2/7/93 show @ George Washington’s Lisner Auditorium. started show over, thoughts begin soon.3:06 PM Sep 25th from web
2/7/93: Forbin narration! Trey turns crowd into plants, then pea stew, which is consumed by a “huge, drooling baby.” Kinda gross.10:35 AM Sep 16th from web
2/7/93: Suzy > Buried Alive > Poor Heart, Ice. That’s the way to start an old-school show. #phish10:10 AM Sep 16th from web
#phish project show 5: 2/7/93 Lisner Auditorium, Washington, DC. I once saw Dave Eggers and TMBG there.9:58 AM Sep 16th from web
